Add use case for legacy-aws plugin (#85940)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-using-legacy-aws-plugin.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-use-cases/oadp-usecase-legacy-aws-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-using-legacy-aws-plugin_{context}"]
= Using the legacy-aws Velero plugin in the DataProtectionApplication CR

>  In the following use case, you configure the `DataProtectionApplication` CR with the `legacy-aws` Velero plugin and then back up an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following use case, you configure the `DataProtectionApplication` CR with the `legacy-aws` Velero plugin and then back up an application.
```

Reviewer: i am so annoying

* You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.
* You have configured an {aws-short} S3-compatible object storage as a backup location.
* You have an application with a database running in a separate namespace.

.Procedure

. Configure the `DataProtectionApplication` CR to use the `legacy-aws` Velero plugin as shown in the following example:
+
.Example `DataProtectionApplication` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: oadp-backup
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    nodeAgent:
      enable: true
      uploaderType: kopia
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - legacy-aws # <1>
        - openshift
        - csi
      defaultSnapshotMoveData: true 
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          profile: "default"
          region: noobaa
          s3Url: https://s3.openshift-storage.svc 
          s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
          insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
        provider: aws
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name:  cloud-credentials
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> # <2>
          prefix: oadp
----

> <1>	Use the `legacy-aws` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Use the `legacy-aws` plugin.
```
Not sure if GitHub is rendering this oddly

Author: Yeah probably. I don't see extra space in the file.

<2> Specify the bucket name.

. Create the `DataProtectionApplication` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <dpa_filename> 
----

> . Verify that the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is created successfully by running the following command. In the example output, you can see the `status` object has `type` field set to `Reconciled`. This means, the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is successfully created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is created successfully by running the following command. In the example output, you can see the `status` object has the `type` field set to `Reconciled`. This means, the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is successfully created.
```

> . Verify that the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is created successfully by running the following command. In the example output, you can see the `status` object has the `type` field set to `Reconciled`. This means, the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is successfully created.

Author: Done. Thank you.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-use-cases/oadp-usecase-legacy-aws-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-using-legacy-aws-plugin_{context}"]
= Using the legacy-aws Velero plugin in the DataProtectionApplication CR

In the following use case, you configure the `DataProtectionApplication` CR with the `legacy-aws` Velero plugin and then back up an application.

[NOTE]
====

> Depending on the backup storage location you choose, you can use either the `legacy-aws` or the `aws` plugin in your `DataProtectionApplication` CR. Using both the plugins in the `DataProtectionApplication` CR will cause an error with the following message: `aws and legacy-aws can not be both specified in DPA spec.configuration.velero.defaultPlugins`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the backup storage location you choose, you can use either the `legacy-aws` or the `aws` plugin in your `DataProtectionApplication` CR. If you use both of the plugins in the `DataProtectionApplication` CR, the following error occurs: `aws and legacy-aws can not be both specified in DPA spec.configuration.velero.defaultPlugins`.
```
- Rewriting to avoid the use of future tense and to avoid a potentially ambiguous "using", per IBM Style. References:
- https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#using
- https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense

.Procedure

. Configure the `DataProtectionApplication` CR to use the `legacy-aws` Velero plugin as shown in the following example:
+
.Example `DataProtectionApplication` CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: oadp-backup
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    nodeAgent:
      enable: true
      uploaderType: kopia
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - legacy-aws # <1>
        - openshift
        - csi
      defaultSnapshotMoveData: true 
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          profile: "default"
          region: noobaa
          s3Url: https://s3.openshift-storage.svc 
          s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
          insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
        provider: aws
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name:  cloud-credentials
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> # <2>
          prefix: oadp
----
<1> Use the `legacy-aws` plugin.
<2> Specify the bucket name.

. Create the `DataProtectionApplication` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <dpa_filename> 
----

> . Verify that the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is created successfully by running the following command. In the example output, you can see the `status` object has the `type` field set to `Reconciled` and the `status` field set to `"True"`. This means, the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is successfully created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is created successfully by running the following command. In the example output, you can see the `status` object has the `type` field set to `Reconciled` and the `status` field set to `"True"`. That status indicates that the `DataProtectionApplication` CR is successfully created.
```
IBM Style suggests rewriting sentences that start with "This" for clarity purposes: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#ambiguous-pronoun-references
